second, when the modal opens the video should be playing



1) 
when a user clicks the approve or reject button, add add comment when approving or rejecting

on the add-in reduce the space above the take me back button and the top banner by 90%, reduce the space below the banner and the doc title by 20% Shrink the button itself vertically by 25%

2)
scripts files are confusing. there is a welcome-modal and welcome-strings. do we need both? which one has master data? can we safely get rid of one? in fact, is it possible to get all the text we expose to the user to be sourced from a single file? with comments, s oi can just go to one place and update text for a button, value, etc

3)
how can i just update the source file? without the button?

4)
the file names don't match and it's confusing
--web says "contract for contracts" even when uploading a new file from the add-in
--the add-in doc title doesn't match word's title
---> don't fix this just explain why it's this way?
---> don't fix this but propose how we might fix it

5)
two buttons for a person to approve and have that be persistent. spotlight that within the center of the button container


6)
enable/disable buttons are still not changing state based on clicks
-hook the enable/disable buttons up to the state machine. the states are simply on/off, and the only active button for a user would be the alternate. eg if the state is enable they should only be able to click disable. default to enable. then test and make sure the button state is managed server side the both clients get the same info. do you understand?

7)
- add a "coming soon" non-clickable pill in the top left corner of the opengov banner on the add-in

8)
-enable / disable features are sending notifications but the button state isn't changing. is that hooked up to the state machine?

9) 
notification about that the document was saved
-When a document is updated, give a badge to the other platform saying "document is updated -- update it dog!"

10) 
drawer
-move the website content into a drawer or tray on the right side of the screen

11)
clicking the "new features" button causes the banner to change size and then refresh, and you can see a different "new features" button.
can you delete that safely?

12)
modal for "new features" has a brief alternate state upon button click. it shows a different button on the screen and causes the top banner to jump. please remove that. in addition, make the modal bigger on the web view so it's legible.

13)